Now before we can start working on the project the first thing we would need to do would be a set up.
Now for those of you who do not want to do the set up together with me under the resources for this
video there is going to be a set up folder where everything is already going to be completed.
Now for those of you who actually want to follow First things first and then stop you can see or hear.
We're going to create a folder and I'm just going to say that this is going to be a flex box.
So I'm just gonna say your name and we're going to call this a flex box.
So say we're here and flex marks and let's say Portfolio portfolio here.
Now once I have all here my folder you can see are here and this is going to be my text editor and I'm
just going to go over here and I'm going to say open folder and all here in the desktop.
Hold one open up those flex box put forward.
And once I open up the file over here first things first.
Let's create a index actually.
Now I'm going to say we're here in this age.
You know then I will going to create a main sucess.
So I'm going to call this main see SS and then after that we're going to say that this is going to be
script.
Yes.
So I'm going to say on here this is going to be script genius.
So this is going to be for the nav bar to actually make the button dynamic.
Now once we have created all the files we can go ahead or here and in the next page.
Now we can use the fact that we as code by default has a.
So I'm going to type or here exclamation mark and presto.
And right away I have my HMO Skelton ready for me on here.
Let's just change a title and let's say here and this title is actually going to be portfolio.
For Leo.
Now once I have the actual portfolio ready now I would want to have a live preview.
So for this we have few options.
We can either use a short cut or here if I just right click it you can see that I have my live server.
So we're going to open up live server.
Now before that I'm actually going to open up a new window for my chrome here and just make it a little
bit smaller.
So once you have open up in a live server you can see that right now this is going to be my portfolio.
And what I'm going to do here I'm going to place them side by side.
So I'm going to maximize this guy maximize this guy and I'm going to pull it over here like this.
And just to have more space when I'm going in there work here I'm just going up for now.
Close it out right away.
My side bar or here.
So once we are done with a set up in the tech center.
Now let's let's have a look at what things we would need.
First of all you can see that here this is going to be my images folder and or here you can see that
I already have all the images.
So again if you're going to be downloading with a set up folder you right away you going to have all
these images.
So here's what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to drag re-enters folder.
Now once I have my images in my fluxbox Foro next what I would want is actually funtastic.
So you can see that I am in the font.
Awesome website.
And if you're going to go here and you forgot to click how to use you can see that right away we have
getting started on the web and we're here this is going to be the Cdn.
So basically if I'm going to go to these SPG widgets because this is what I would like to use instead
of weapons.
And if you're just going to copy the script and place it in in your title tags right away you're going
to have a phantasm.
Now what I'm going to do I'm actually going to download some here.
So if you're going to scroll down over here and you can see that we have a download font.
Awesome.
And once I click you can see that it's downloading and or here you can see that help to understand.
And over here this is basically going explain what we need.
So here because I want to work with SVGA the only thing we need is all just fine.
So what I'm going to say here is I'm going to go to my folder wherever I created over here and I'm just
going up and open up this folder and then I'm going to look in the genius for all of.
So this is going to be in the file that I need.
So the only thing that I need is on here just drag this file to my fault.
So once we're done with it found some next we would need a Google fonts.
So we're going to say we're here and we would want Google fonts.
So we're going to open up new fonts now in Google fonts.
I'm actually going to search for a robot own.
So here I'm going to type or borrow and you could see or hear this is going to be my rebozo while I
want cyclical here.
You can see that it's and show me what type of font is out here.
But I would want or hear just to include some are going to press on here to that plus sign and you can
see that it has families like that.
So again we have few options how we can work here.
We can either use the link or we can actually do the import.
And we're actually going to do the import.
So in our success and our main success would actually need to copy and paste.
Now before we do that we're going to do a customized and was going to add some stuff.
So we're going to say that we would want a bold and 700.
So once we have all here we're going to go back to embed.
And I was going to say that we would want to importer's.
So I'm just going to copy and paste this line.
I'm going to say copy.
I'm going to go back more here to my tech center now once in my Thaxter.
I'm going to open up.
Actually my main success and just copy and paste or here my import.
And if you know the story here we also need a font family.
So for this world and to use a body.
So I'm going to say we're here for the body.
And I was going to use this fun family robot go mano a mano space.
So I'm going to copy and paste this over here.
Right now we have in our body our phone family.
So we're going to go back to the index actually and Mail.
And if we're going to say something like Hello world.
So let's type it over here like this.
Let's say that we would want a new one and once we have added one I'm going to say we're here.
This is going to be.
Hello world.
And once I type or hear my heading one you can see that nothing's changed.
And the reason why nothing has changed because we actually need to link the main CSA So here then we
need to link the actual script.
And then we also need to make sure that we have the actual font awesome.
So let's go back to the next issue now and are we're going to say that we would want first to link and
we would want to link the main services.
So first we're going to link the main services.
Once you can see then once I link the main theosis.
Now I can see that my have my own bottle fonts work and I'm thinking that let's right away.
And also the Scripture has to say or here script sort of script.
And for the source we're going to say this is going to be script genius.
No we're not going to test this right now whether we have actually elected correctly.
But as you can see if the names match everything should be worked out.
And after that let's check whether we have some here.
I'm going to say there's going to be a span element and within the span element what I would want is
an eye ailment with the classes of yes a home or here.
And what do FAA and five xo.
So again as you can see it Emmett is right away suggesting what I'm going to have sort of press thiab
save it over here and you can see that I don't have my phone does.
Now I'm going to go up here and we're going to say that we would want to include phone number for that.
Let's actually add a comment not say that this is going to be the main CSSA here.
And for this comment was going to say Fonte an OR here.
Now once I have the common Let's actually link it now for this since this is a javascript file we also
need to do the scriptorium.
So we're going to say or hearing that this is going to be scrapped.
And for the source this time we're just going to say that this is going to be Algie.
So once you say even you can see or hear that now our phone is working and the last thing that out we
want to show you is where we can get images now.
Like I said for those of you who are going to be actually downloading the file the set up folder right
away have the images but oh here are just like a lot of pixels where you can get a high quality and
free image.
So once we are done with our set up we can actually start working on our portfolio project.